your company sure gets the over of time
yes you've got to be grateful for busy
business these hard days but it's sure
if I'm gonna be lonely then tell me I
love you do it now come on
oh me too darling Dylan I wonder what's
up with Ichigo
oh this cleaning is going too slow
I travel hard to clean the spots
hello oh good evening
Ichigo sons mum she says that Ichigo
sadly hasn't contacted her yet and their
cellphone broke a few days ago what
alone days come on
oh yes ichigo's not that terrible cheese
in the bathroom at the moment yes sure
I'll tell her goodbye there was no need
to lie to her though that's true I said
I was thinking
Oh what's your problem she's taking her
time fine I'll start first how could you
ignore this beautiful
I can't go on yeah I'm sorry it seems
that my dog frightened you don't worry
you're okay now huh I see I've been
running it ended up by this house you've
got the same bill as chica I'm telling
you I'm Ichigo oh that's right he can't
understand me poor cat you're all dirty
I'll take you inside and clean you up
I bet she's running around somewhere in
a panic again what should I do
maybe it's not so bad being cat after
all I shouldn't be saying things like
that Mia over here come on little kitty
yeah
come on it's warm
it was a bit too much to sing the
aoyama-kun we get naked
it's so warm I feel like I'm in heaven
it's done is that all right for you but
I did take a bath I'm good tonight
i-i'm looking gets to bed so early what
should I do
I can't sleep in the same bed with him
is everyone angry with me I wonder
Ichigo did he just call my name
I can feel its breath Ichigo oh that's
right I'm a cat's just a little little
what strange feeling
no way
I've changed what wives did I
suddenly become a human again
I see well we're done here - yeah we
finished finally thanks for your help
it's so late if I don't get back now
they'll be worried about me I wonder
what happened to achieve a son it's
strange that she didn't get in touch
with us she got the only chance I've got
making for her maybe there was some
accidents can't be tomorrow I'll
personally punish them both mid son but
I don't think she could be with Aoyama
son it's too dangerous
calm down just calm down anyway I must
get out of here ah he's still sleeping
I shouldn't be relieved I'm sorry again